FC (file compare ) is poor - use Ultra Compare.
VC is great to restore back to an old (working) version.
Commits are user created check points.  Are the basic building blocks of GIT.
git log  - Displays all commits (navigate to a directory first)
Make one commit per logical change e.g. one commit for each bug fix.
Its a judgement call when to commit.
Commits with multiple files e.g. HTML+CSS are organised as a repository. 
   Very useful in programming - less so in word processing. 
   Using manifest.xml in Android studio?
git log --stat    - Gives some stats on how many changes between commits
git diff commitId1 commitId2  (find differences between commits).
git clone "http..."   - makes a copy of a repository so you can copy between computers.
git config --global color.ui auto   To add auto coloring of diff reports.
Ctrl/Shift+insert (or RMB + paste) to paste into Git Bash.
Octopus is a strategy Git uses to combine many different versions of code together. 
   This message can appear if you try to use this strategy in an inappropriate situation.
HEAD is what Git calls the commit you are currently on. 
   You can “detach” the HEAD by switching to a previous commit,
git checkout - restores an older version 
   or restores all files in a repository at the time of the commit.
git checkout -b new_branch_name    for detached HEAD state.  Ensures a restore doesnt 
   overwrite existing (uncomitted) changes.  Then to check, index.html --> open with... 
   
Setting Up environment (CTL = Click Top Left):
Background color: ctl --> options --> looks --> Background (foreground button is text color)  
git config --global core.editor "notepad++.exe -n -w"    - sets up Notepad++ as default editor
   -n is new window
   -w is wait till window closes till continuing
   
Git will be essential for all software version control - Can I use Links for Sas & Blaise & Android???

Exercises at end of Less on 1:
Behavior of git clone:
1-If someone else gives you the location of their directory or repository, you can copy or clone it to your own computer.
   This is true for both copying a directory and cloning a repository.
   As you saw in the previous lesson, if you have a URL to a repository, you can copy it to your computer using git clone.
   For copying a directory it is possible to copy a directory from one computer to another using the command scp, 
   which stands for "secure copy". The name was chosen because the scp command lets you securely copy a directory 
   from one computer to another. 

2-The history of changes to the directory or repository is copied.
   This is true for cloning a repository, but not for copying a directory. The main reason to use git clone rather 
   than copying the directory is because git clone will also copy the commit history of the repository. However, 
   copying can be done on any directory, whereas git clone only works on a Git repository. 

3-If you make changes to the copied directory or cloned repository, the original will not change.
   This is true for both copying a directory and cloning a repository. In both cases, you're making a copy that you 
   can alter without changing the original. 

4 - The state of every file in the directory or repository is copied.
   This is true for both copying a directory and cloning a repository. In both cases, all the files are copied.   
   